What if...the original Quake was the lovecraftian horror adventure it was meant to be?

Intro:

( notes in a battle scarred journal ? )

Home.  Where I should be.

Took the last slip gate (the magical kind, not tech) after killing the big shed sized lump with the tentacles.
And I found myself at the original base where it all started - the "Slipgate complex and main production facility."
After the lab rats got done with it and it went into main production, this was the hub.  Or it should be...

Its just.  This is not any place I was stationed.
I'm sure its the complex.  No mistake.

Empty.  Disused.  Broken down.  Looks like its a hundred years old.
Outside its quiet.  Too quiet.  No cars.  No people.  No radio chatter.  No planes.  Nothing.
Left the base through the broken gates and walked 5 miles down the cracked pavement.

Place looks like there hasnt been a single human (besides yours truely) here in decades.

Found some old rations.  Damn MRE's.  Who knows how long they've been here, but I can still eat 'em.
Still taste terrible too.

Then I remembered something one of the scientists said when we were still on gaurd detail.  Back at the research center near Cheyene Mountain.

"There is more than one world...more than one earth."

Said it like it was a fact.  The egg heads doing the gate research liked to talk nuts and bolts.
Most of us marines thought they were just plain nuts.  Until the first crate disappeared from
Area 51 and appeared at the research center.

More than one earth.  And here it was.

Day 31.

I found it.  Through a crack in the foundation.  Down where they kept that noxious acidic spill off from the chemical processing system.

Magical slip gate foam.  Or fog, or whatever.  And that errie hum.

It goes somewhere.  I'm not sure I want to find out where.

Day 42.

Fuck.  I'm bored.
There arent even animals to hunt, even if I was so inclined.
I've got all the useful gear I could find.

I'm going through the mystery gate...


World 4.

Home is world 1.  Or should that be 0?  A scientist would know things like that.
The medieval looking place with castles, knights and ogres is world 2.
The abandoned slipgate complex world is 3.

Oh wait.  Where Shubbers was - that might have been 3.  Shoot.
Still, lets just call this 4.

Day 1:

And it _is_ great.  No, really.

Dim red sun.  Barely enough light from it to read.  Three moons.  All molten lava.
You can see 'em even when the suns up.
Rocky terrain.  Where its solid.  Place seems to be one giant ball of lava, just like the moons.
From all the eye can see, at least.

I'm stranded on an island of dark hexagonal columns.
Geeks would know what type, but I'd bet the last MRE its cooled lava.

Cant get within 20 yards of the "beaches."  If you can call 'em that.
Way too hot.  Island interior isnt too bad - a balmy 110 on a cool day.
Hah.  A "cool" day.

There is only one thing of interest on lava ball world.
And someone made it.

A staff.  Filigreed metal work.  About 5 feet with a fancy triangle at the top.
Might be made of iron.  The iron Shubbers crew used to make magical gates from.

And in the triangle...
Hell I dont know what it is, but the egg heads might.  Mini ball lightning.
Super thingicle.  An odd spot.  Just hangs there.

I've looked at it a dozen times and it makes me nervous every time.
Thing is hard to focus on.  Cant tell if its the size of a grape or a golf ball.
It shimmers and twists.  Pulses and fades.  Seems to shift colors and shoot off radiant sparks.

And sometimes there's a noise.  Like a hum.  Cant tell what it sounds like though.
Portable teleport magic?  Maybe.  I'm still afraid to touch it.

Day 3:

Only 3 more days of supplies.  Wasnt a lot left at the complex after 6 weeks.
And I think its getting hotter.

Aw hell.
I'm going to have to gear up, grab the triangle staff and see what the hell happens.
At least its better than sweating to death with no food.


World 5.

Day 1:

Crap.
Touched the staff to pick it up.  Couldnt let go.  Felt like every part of me was
ripped apart and put back together.  Hope the triangle thingy got it right.

And then it spoke.  Not in my ears, but in my head.  Damn weird.
Marines should not have these kinds of experiences!
"Chaos" it identified itself.  And "Ask a question."
So I thought to it that I wanted to get the hell off this rock.
I think "hell" might have been the wrong idea to give it.

An instant later - sounds, images, tastes, other things hit me.  All crazy.
Buddy of mine in school dropped acid, had a real bad trip.  This is exactly what he described.
Lava ball world was lost in the insanity pouring out of the triangle.

Then...I'm back at the Slipgate Complex, inside.  Its quiet, peaceful.  Night watch.
No clocks in sight, but a marine knows these things.
I breath a sigh.  Home at last.  How did the triangle know?
Maybe it plucked it out of my head.  So I have a look around.

But I dont think I'm home.  Its the little things really.
The offices.  Our complex had temporary offices near the building in quonoset huts.
This place has a cube farm right off the entry corridor.

And its populated.  I dont know any of these guys.
Lucky I arrived at night and still had my security pass.  How I held on to that I'll never know.
Lucky too, I got the chaos staff stuffed in a spare locker.  Damn thing floats around behind me
if I dont carry it.  Seems to have formed some kind of bond.  Damn it.

So why not stay here ?
Well, for one Shubbers crew never attacked.  I had a look through months of security logs.
For another...their egg heads couldnt get the slipgate to work.  So its pretty boring.
This is a supply depot now for the Cheyene Complex.

Day 5:

Avoiding anyone above my own NCO rank.  I'm not on the official guest list so its best to avoid unwanted scrutiny.
Its pretty easy.  Well, easy for someone that snuck and blasted their way through an entire world of enemy beasties.
The most these guys are worried about is supplies walking off base without authorization.

I'm bored again.  At least the base commisary has decent food.  Well, when I say decent...
I made my local camp in an unused room down on the toxic level.
Apparently they still have the chem plant here.

After slogging though world 2 the fumes dont bother me that much.

Then it happened.
The chaos staff teleported itself to my location.
Great. Now I gotta move around careful.  Even a bored supply depot sentry might get curious about that.

And I'm getting a weird feeling.  Like the damn thing is alive.  It wants me to go somewhere.
Crap. Again.

Day 7:

Triangle stick teleported in again !
Lucky I've taken to staying in my room until I need food.

Its buzzing like a banshee and spinning around.

I know when I touch it I'll teleport.  I can feel it.
<sigh>


World ?

Day 1:

This could be home !
Its still the Slipgate Complex.  The one I went through.
Somebody did some clean up.  No corpses.  Resupply going on.
Gotta explore the rest, but no offices.  No one around either, but they might have been reassigned
to fight off the death squads.

Crap.
Guess its world 6 then.
The main slipgate has been modified.  Tech I've never seen.
Our egg heads didnt do this.  Thier stuff is always neat and tidy.
This is weird glowy purple stuff and pulsating tentacle cables and odd boxes.
Doesnt look like shubbers style either - they used magical gates made from that iron.

Great.  A new bad ass monster to deal with.  This is turning into a career.


World 6.

Day 2:

Still no one.  Not a soul.
Nothing coming through the purple tentacle gate or the normal arrival pad either.

There is, however, radio chatter.  Just normal stuff on a world thats had an alien incursion.
Sure is nice to hear another human voice.  Not one transmitter on base seems to work.

Why am I not surprised?

Fully resupplied.  Plenty of full supply lockers.  Some quartermaster topped everything off
before heading out.  Even found some real food to cook.

Cooking is not my usual duty, but I'm a fast study.

Day 3:

Exploration is complete.

Near as I can find in any log, the last activity was near 2 weeks ago.
Some odd creature was caught on the lower level, drinking acid.
A bizarre bag thing, with wiry feelers coming out everywhere and eyes.
Too many eyes.  Doesnt sound like anything Shubs had in her aresenal.

3 guys were injured, and one nearly bought the farm.  The pillow sized
thing not only drank acid, it could spit it.  And it gushed it when cut
or shot.

The way all official reports cut off, I'd hazard a guess that an incursion
came through the main slip-gate.

Day 4:

Well.

Shot out a chunk of wall today with my favorite boomstick.

Got so used to the triangle staff, I kind of forgot it floats behind me everywhere.
Till it knocked something over.  Gave me a real start.

After days of 3 campaigns deep in enemy territory, this utter lack of an
enemy to fight is making me jittery.

Sigh.

Guess its that time.  Again.  Gear up, and hit the purple tentacle slip-gate.


World What?

Unknown:

Do I even exist?

I see, hear, taste, feel, and touch nothing.

The only thing I know for sure is that the triangle staff is with me.
I've got so used to its presense I sense it with whatever I have.

Still unknown:

Nothing has changed.

All attempts to gather any intel, make any change fail utterly.

Tried to catch some Z's.  No go.
Really - what the hell kind of thing is that, where you cant even sleep.

Even more unknown:

I do not know what to do.  No Marine protocol exists for this.
I might finally be dead - maybe the purple slip-gate was a trap.
Gotta say for the record - not what I expected from death.

I'm going to try and communicate with the staff.
I've been avoiding that since it zapped me off hell-world with the major insanity.

A voice in my head:

TS (triangle staff): Hello...human.

Me: What are you?

TS: Something impossible - bound Chaos.

Me: What does that mean?

TS: Nothing you will _ever_ understand.

Me: Ok, fine.  Where am I, what is happening?

TS: You are nowhere, and nothing is happening.  You have been trapped in a 
dimensional void by a faulty gate.

Me: Am I dead?

TS: No.  You should not even exist at all.  Except for your bond with me.

Me: Can I leave?

TS: No.  But I can.  And you would come with me.  I can reconstruct your physical self
from the last image when you entered the gate.

Me: Reconstruct.  Yeah, I suppose thats good.  Ish.  Where do we go?

TS: Where do you want to go?

Me: Damn.  Always a trick question...  I'd like to just go home.  But I know
that if I dont take care of this purple slip-gate influence home isnt safe.
After the purple slip-gate menace I suppose.

TS: The gate fault was simultaneous across most of their "realm".  The majority of
combat forces have been consigned to this non-existance.  I find no reference
to a master entity or over-realm I can at present trace.  Which is strange...
All you can do is attempt trace the faulty gates.

Me: Lets do it then.

TS: You will have to rely on my power(s).  Any attempt to use the any purple gate will send
you back here.

Me: Oh, great.

The blast of insanity is easier this time.  At least it was something after all this non-existance.


World 7:

Day 1:

Oh.  My.  Dear.  God.  It fucking hurts!
What hurts?  I think it must be every single cell in my body.

After a while I realize I'm on a floor screaming.  I stop.
Look around.

Dim light.  Emergency red maybe.  Place looks...Russian?
Just a guess from the odd lettering on a nearby sign.

Bare cement walls, floor.  Metal beam ceiling.  Conduit.  Love me some conduit.
And ducts.  Gotta have ducts.  Need that cool AC or warm heat.  No place is
ever _just_ right.

God. I think TS is effecting my mind.  Just a matter of time until the teleport
insanity is my normal state.  Who knows what I'll do or kill then.

Dripping water.  No sentients yet.  Cant believe nothing heard me scream...
Maybe I didnt scream out loud?

Get up slowly.  Gear check - I have basic supplies and my fav. boomstick.

Me: Hey TS, where are the other weapons?

TS: They were not properly scanned before non-existance.  Just get new ones.

Guess I will.  I have lost all sense of property.

Day 2:

Spent most of "yesterday" getting my bearings and resting in a relatively secure
small alcove off the corridor where I arrived.

No evidence of any sentients larger or more interesting than a rat.

After exploring this level and the one below, I've decided it is a Russian base.
Most likely underground, no windows anywhere.

And in a similar state to the slip-gate complex after the attack.
No bodies.  Some blood.  Found a couple weapon and ammo caches.
Not in normal places like lockers, secure rooms or storage.

Well hidden, like someone might return for them.

A large room like a command center.  Computer consoles, all down.
No main lighting, no hum of machinery.

Whatever happened, it was some time back.

Of more important note, nothing on the 2 levels I have access to appears
anything like a gate or gate research.

Day 3:

Found a "fake" wall with a big security door behind it.  Heavy duty
old school Russian stuff, like they might have on a deep bunker complex.

Two key system.  Looked for keys to fit the locks.  No luck.  Heck,
no way to turn the power on and this thing is only going to move
with hydraulics or serious explosives.

Me: TS, gotta get through that...

I shrug back a bit.   The staff floated around and a blast of the insanity
hits the door.  Suddenly it twists and flows with the blast.  Ammo, health
kits, chairs, waste bins, paper stacks, file boxes, several guns, bricks, logs
and all manner of debris are falling out of the doorway.

Check the guns and ammo.  Nothing I want.  Old habits...

Clear a path.  Door frame is stepped like a bank vault.  If the frame is any
indicator, 3 feet thick.  Russians dont piss around with security doors.
They didnt know about Chaos staffs though.

Plain gray walls lead away with the expected ducts and conduit.
Base designs change, but they always have the typical things.

I ready my gun and stalk down the hall.  TS hovers behind and shines
a wan light.  I can see everything close and it saves on my flashlight batteries.
Takes getting used to though.   Shadows and indistinct shapes twist and take
all manner of form.  TS must be from some forgotten nightmare.

TS: I am from every nightmare...

Great.  Now I get thought op. ed...  Just what I want.

Not many rooms.  The usual uses.  Labs, stores, offices.
Some research labs have odd stuff.  Most of the decor in this place
reminds me of the 1950's.  Great Grandpa didnt live then, but his dad had pictures
from places all over where he served.

Found a computer...um, a room.  With a computer.  The _entire_ room.
Busted open in places, full of tubes.  Yeah, like antique TV tubes.
Who knew computers used those?

Proceed down through 5 levels.  Nothing really interesting.
Find an old Russian rifle, an SKS.  Nice, but too heavy.  All wood stock
along 3/4 of its length.  Look great over a mantle.

Also found some mines, bouncers.  Also too bulky to take.  Everything was
bigger and heavier in the 50's.  Wonder why the Ruskies have all this old
hardware down here.  Probably havent updated in 100 years.
Their mil budget is way worse than ours.

Couple hours of poking around.  I found it.

And when I say "it" I mean missing hardware SG-00756-1B, case 155-7-21-R4div-a51.
The missing slip gate prototype.  From area 51!  Yes, _that_ area 51.

I was assigned to the CID unit that tried to track it down.  Watched the guys 
pour over hours of video.  Poke into every nook and cranny at that base.

We turned over every rock.  I had to sign the report as a member of the assigned gaurd
detail, so I got to read most of it.

Bottom line, the damn thing just plain disappeared.  Was a real big stink
too.  Area 51 has the best security short of the pentagons secret bunker.

But... How in hell did Russians get their hands on it?

Got a vague memory of part from one scientist.  About how power always had
to be supplied to a gate to maintain some kind of "dimensional lock".  So even
though it wasnt in use, it could not be powered down.

Seemed to think the prototype gate was missing some safeguard or other.  Had
the opionion it _could_ have teleported itself.  Cmdr said: "Sure, yeah right."

Maybe sci-guy was right.

High end hardware like the gates have a half dozen tracking devices in them
active and inactive.  Yep, CID guy told me that.  No way the russians carted that
thing off.  Move one without auth, and two dozen alarms go off.

If it popped up on their doorstep though.  That would be different.
And where they have it stored - unlikely its trackers could send a signal.

Gate looks intact.  A bit simpler than the production models we used.
Even got some dials and levers.  That had to make some geek boy happy.

Power bank nearby.  Some giant rusky batteries.  Maybe submarine stuff.

I wonder.  One cable is connected from battery to gate.  The other coming from
the gate is laying near the battery.

What the hell.  Part of the job as Sarge once said.

Stow my boom stick.  Take the cable and an insulated handle pipe wrench.
Line it up over the terminal and spank the sucker on there.

Nothing.  Not exactly what I expected.  But then it doesnt seem like anyone
has been by in a few years.  Batteries are probably dead.

As I turn to go, I hear sparks and a tell-tale hum.  A very familar one.

I wonder for a moment if the gates really need to make that noise, or if
the egg heads put a speaker in there and plugged a music pod into it.

The thing lights up.  The usual red pulsating glow comes from the side grills.

Now what?

I know the things are damn picky and the destination has to be carefully set.
Russians might have this thing pointed at space.

I decide to sleep on it.  No idea how much juice those batteries have.
But the search down here has wore me down a bit.

I pick a room a ways down the corridor.  One with a decent locking bolt system on
the door.  No surprises short of teleport.

Day 4:

Checking gear for the hop.  Hear something outside my safe spot.
Scratching sound?  Some thumps?  Scrape by the door.

The door is a heavy iron affair that fits tight into the frame.
No cracks and no light spilling through.

Decide to err on the side of caution.  I wait 20 minutes.
Good thing the uber Gate-geeks decided we needed mechanical watches.

Thought the quartz ones were too delicate for bouncing around
dimensions.  Batteries would have died on me by now.
Cant exactly plug in an L-gun cell pack either.

Draw the bolt back as quiet as I can.  Slight metal scrape.
Nudge the door from the frame a mil at a time.  At least the Ruskies
oiled it.

Empty corridor.  Whew.
Have a good look up and down in the dim staff light.
Suddenly the light from floaty is much brighter.

Me: thanks bud, now scale it back, low prof. is what we need.
TS: 10-4 Capt.

That thing is a one way ticket on Ozzys Crazy Train.
And I'm the dang caboose.

Back to the proto-gate.  Still humming away.
Another whew.

How to calibrate the gate?  No computer screen or keyboard on this one.
If I even knew what to do with those.  Can barely send an email.

Me: TS is this thing trapped?
TS: No issues detected.
Me: Where does it go?
TS: The tunnel leads to a primordial world teeming with life.

Just great.  Well, if it leaves me be, I wont fill it with lead.
And if not...got extra rounds for the boomstick.

Jump in the gate.  I remember the first trip from Area 51 to
the complex sucked major ass.  Everyone tossed lunch the first 3 times.

Compared to chaos slip, this seemed like a warm summer breeze on a clear day.

Appear on a wooded hill.  A poke through the trees shows an
overlook to a smaller hill.  Looks recently cleared off.

Some construction.  Massive beams, stone blocks, some ironwork.
Observe the scene from concealment.  Several hours.

Not a sign of life bigger than a chicken or small dog.
I Sigh and motion TS to follow down the hill.  Then I laugh.

Oh God, I'm losing it.  If I ever had it.
Up close a stone platform is supporting some iron shod timbers
8x8s.  Something is really familar about this.

I cant place it until I see an odd symbol.
Of course - the first castle where I met ogres and knights.

This looks like the central area.  The rest of the foundation is laid
out in very crude fashion.  There arent even enough blocks to finish it.

But heck, this is just being built?
Maybe it didnt just _look_ like the 50s in Ruskie land.  Maybe it was.

Now what...
Guess its time to go camping.  Though I hate campers.

Days 5 - 12:

I find a place on taller hill with some leaning rocks, and
a partial cave.  More of an overhang really.  All set.
Have to mentally tell TS not to float in the open.

If you add super to boring you get this.  It rained.  Twice.
Lucky it was from the other side of the rock.

You can only clean a shotgun so many times.
Tried to make a chess set with shotgun shells.
But I dont know how chess really works.  I stopped
after I sharpied a knight on one.

Tempted to talk to TS.  Nope.  Damn it, not going any
crazier talking to a magic metal stick.

Day 13 - 18:

Finally, activity.

A large group of brutish ogres, knights and a hell knight in charge.
Some type of bovine land animal.  Horns, tough hide.  Hitched to flat
wagons in pairs and quads.  Piled with more timber and blocks.

They set out unloading everything.  Get in lots of arguments.
Good bit of in-fighting between ogres and knights.

Till corp. hell knight comes around and gives them a good
thwack with his sword.  Good old-fashioned brutal leadership.

They are building the castle I recognized.
Find myself wondering if I really am in the past...
Could I change things?  Prevent the first attack on earth.

According to one sci-guy, Quake was an absolute genius and
would see right through that.  Found out later Shubs was in charge.
Never found out who Quake even was.

But maybe...maybe Shubs isnt in charge of these guys yet.
Changing the location of the precise right building could
prevent the whole tragedy.

When that first crate went wrong...
I mull this over while the activity drags on.

Crate of chainsaws.  Crate of grenades & launchers.
Little ogre in return.  Scared private shoots up the ogre.

Months later the attacks come.  Gates open everywhere.
Now, if that ogre wasnt there...
Couple a crates in an empty forest.  Or whatever.

Day 19:

Outer walls are up.  Quick bastards.
But when 2 ogres can handle the biggest block;
What would you expect.

Been trying to reason out which building I need to relocate.
Suppose I might ask TS.  Then again, maybe not.

Day 20:

End of day.  All materials are in place and work has stopped.
Carts are hitched and everyone is catching a ride.

I decide to trail them.  The carts move pretty slow, even
when empty.  If you call 10 ogres on one and 20 knights on
the other empty.

Try to carry TS.  Wouldnt want it to float up at the wrong
moment.  No go.  Get this itch where I cant scratch.

Hear an odd hum that fades in and out.  See an edge on
the sky like it can be peeled back.
I let TS go and tell it to "float low"...

Day 23:

I trail them for 3 days.  Tracks in the woods barely
wide enough for the wagons.  Some foliage I dont know.
Could ask TS, but I dont really need to know.

Some areas are rough scrub and broken rock.
The last surrounds a small flat area.  Maybe 300 yards across.

I clamber on top of an outcrop.  Has some concealing scrub
on top.  Just in case I motion TS to stay low.

The wagons are pulled aside, and everyone unloads.
An ogre and a few knights almost mix it up.
Till HK whaps them with that long sword.

They array themselves; ogres to the left, knights on the right.
In front of...

Well, that is different.  Not unexpected.
Two tall pillars.  That gate iron stuff.

But studded with purple crystals.  They pulse with a slow
glow.  HK kneels down and chants something in knight talk.

A familiar hum whips up and the space tween pillars is filled
with gate foam.  I wonder...

Me: TS, is that gate good?
TS: It leads to a realm you associate with the Elder rune.

Visions of blue brick and eldritch horrors flicker in my minds eye.
Me: Hey! No visions.  I know what the Elder world looks like.

We watch while the work crew files through the gate.
HK is last.  I clear the outcrop and head for the gate.

Dont make it.  Gate shuts down when I was 50 yards away.
Shit.

What are the chances I can repeat HK's chant.
TS: not even slim...
Me: Stow it.

I reconnoiter the area.  Nothing but the wagons.
I realize something while I look around.

The ogres had no chainsaws or grenades!
I sit on a chair sized rock.  Not comfortable.

Damn it...  I sigh loudly.
The rocky outcrops still fail to give any shits.

Thats what you get from rocks.
Unless they're tarbabys.  But its not shit they give.

Me: Ok, lets go.
TS: Got it Cap'n...

Insanity explodes in and around me.  Colors, sounds, tastes, smells.
Wait... did I just taste dog shit?  Or peanut butter...
No wonder dogs eat dog shit.


World 2-d:

Day 1.

We blink in on a dark, dreary and very dead forest.
In the distance is a decrepit, blue tower crowned castle.

I realize something.  I called all of rune lands world 2.
When they were 4 different worlds.  Cant renumber now.
Military protocol?  Add a dash and a letter.

TS is floating near by.  Never count on luck.
I look away.  Toward the castle.  Now what.

I knew what to do when I was burning a path through
shubs dimensions last time.  But this is different.

They dont know about us yet.  I'll keep it that way if
I can.  But I have to track the source of the purple gates.
Right.  Stealth then.  I glance at TS again.

Me: Can you be invisible?  Block everyone from seeing you?
TS: In a way.  By a method, none will notice me.
Me: Do that then.

A flicker of that insanity spews out.
And...  I feel TS.  But somehow my eyes drift by to
the nearest dead tree.  I try to focus on TS again and
instead end up looking at an odd rock.  Wow, that really works.

Now to plan a sneaky entry.
A quick recon gives little hope.

Dead forest recedes from a barren cliff. The castle is
surrounded by a rocky plane.  No cover big enough for
a large dog.  Let alone yours truly.

Where the forest peters out I can just make out the castle
sentries.  Scragg.  Those things really creep me out.

The spike arms?  The vacant stare?  Acid bolts?
I dont know, my first thought is always hit em'
with the boomstick.

I learned one thing...  They are hard to sneak up on
when they have the vertical advantage.  As they do here.

No walls to hide behind here.  Damn again.
Me: TS can you hide me too?
TS: Sure easy - done!

The insanity bursts around me.  I seem to have
a faint glow now.  And, damn does my skin ever itch.

Does it work on me?  Only one way to find out.
I pick the approach with the most shadows.

The boomstick is clutched tight in my sweaty hands.
TS floats serenly behind as if we were walking in a
sunlit park.

A scragg occasionally makes that cackle sound.
Only thing worse is an ogre dragging a chainsaw.

The scragg float overhead.  At least 5 should have
seen me.  No outcry.  No acid bolts flying down.
So far so good.

A ramp leads up to the entrance.  Usual raise the gate affair.
And its closed.  6 knights gaurd the ramp, 3 to a side.

I walk slowly between them, prepared to unleash a
lead pellet hell.  When I get to the gate, I heave a sigh.

And look quickly around.  They continue to stare down the ramp.
So, they dont notice sounds either.  Ok.  But the gate...

Pretty sure they'll notice that opening.
I am not chaos teleporting any more than absolutely needed.

TS: just wait valiant warrior, one approaches.
TS is right.  Within a minute a loud ratchet clank bangs out.

The gate slowly lifts.  I draw back as the opening reveals
3 spindly legs.  A god damned vore!

I wait with baited breath.  This boomstick aint near
enough to take out that eldrich bad-ass.

I make a hasty dodge as one of its spider legs comes close.
It brushes past me and the knights like you'd walk past
a pile of shit.  No glances and no shits given.

I'll say this, TS has powerful magic if he can fool them.
I walk slowly in.  The gate is staying open for now.

The castle is the usual maze and figure...
I wonder if the evil leadership plans these torture paths
on purpose or they just plain suck at drafting evil dens.

This place is big.  It is going to take all freaking day.
I'll be lucky if I dont scratch half my skin off.

And there dont seem to be many empty passages.
Every large junction has 2 knights.  Sometimes more.

Ogres, HK, Vore, and Scragg roam all over on who knows
what hell inspired purpose.

Its so easy to avoid them.  Just stand in a corner.
They never see or hear.  And so far, none of them...

TS: Them?  You really afraid of one of these?  You
Killed them all.  A 1000 times over.

Me:  Yeah.  But only one is dicey every time.  A shambler.
Lightning bolt throwing cave bears are not my cup of tea.

Day 2.

Getting damn tired.  No sign of purple stuff.
No teleports either.  One corridor was gaurded by HK.

Gonna go there after some rest.  Trying to find a spot
where I can have TS remove the "hider".  Yeah, best name I got.

Finally find a small chamber with a sliding stone door.
Only op button I can find is _in_ the chamber.
But its surrounded by fetid water loaded with stinky zombies.

Thats another thing besides mazes.  They run the sewage
under every structure they make.  And let zombies accumulate there.
I cant fault them though.  It makes a great defense strategy.

So, safe, dont need hider beam, but stinky as all hell.
And listening to zombies moan off and on for an entire
feeble attempt at sleep.

Be nice if there was a quad damage in this room...
Hrm.  Thats another thing I havent seen.  No artifacts.
Maybe they dont use them yet.

So, if anyone ever finds my "war-journal"...
How do you manage to sleep on bare stone or rough rock?
Or any of the dozen other dismal places...

You cant always hang a hammock.  I knew this guy
that took 2 sheets of the quickwall stuff.  You cant
tear that stuff.  Have to cut it with a laser.

He finds a way to smooth weld it.  Puts in an air valve.
Instant anywhere air matress.  Just add a couple of those
silver survival blankets and bang.  Instant bed away from
anywhere nice.  Easy to store too.  Once the air is out.

Day 3.

Must have been seriously beat.  Probably the teleports.
Watch says I slept 14 hours.

Well, mostly.  Tossed and turned for about 5 hours.
Its hard to sleep to intermittant zombie moans.

While I tear open an MRE, I realize this isnt milspec.
This was "reconstituted" by TS.  What the hell.

Sure tastes like an MRE.  Not much for philosophy.
But then what marine is?  You go through places and
shoot dead whatever crap wont play nice or clear
the path.

But I wonder...  Before I was reconstituted.
After all the gates and dimension travel I've done.
Am I even really still me?

Shit like that makes my head spin.  So I do the best
thing.   Focus on the mission.

Find bringers of purple shit.  Shoot them dead.
Dont let shubs crew find out about home.
Try to relocate the ogre kid that started the invasion.
Put his happy ass somewhere else.

Sounds simple.  After a quick gear check, I reckon
I need some better weapons.  Since the invasion
hasnt happened yet, none of our stuff is laying around.

With the itchy hider back in force, I head back
to the area gaurded by the Hell Knight.

Crap-tastic.  He's been joined by tarbabys.
I'll bet anything theres some lava around.

Theres a ledge around the top of the room.
Enough space to crawl if I'm careful.

They might not sense me, but if I bump into
a tarbaby and it explodes, that might get noticed.

Gotta be real careful.  I suspect dropped gear would
attract some attention.

Behind the HKs, the ledge crosses a portal but doesnt go
through.  I drop down real slow and careful.
The warders give no shits about my muffled thud landing.

The corridor is very dim.  I hug the wall and proceed
with great caution.  I'm sure a light wouldnt be covered
by the hider.

TS: you'd be correct.  Once the light shined out of
the quantum indifference shell it would be noticed.

Damn artifacts.  Better when they _dont_ talk to you
mentally.  And quantum shit.  As bad as the slipgate geeks.

Speaking of the devil.  Halfway down this very dark
hall there is a dim pulsing glow.  And a familiar humming
noise.

The room is mid sized and circular.  Some kind of statue
in the middle.  Some short flying thing.  Well, has
wings, I assume it flys.  Looks nasty as well.

Around the walls are 6 gates.  Not exactly the usual
shubbs kind of bolted iron.  These have shiny black
frames.  Some kind of polished rock.  Glass?
But they have the usual pulsing, humming, tele-fog.

TS: obsidian - lava.

Me: figures.  If anyone could find a way to make shit
from lava, its these guys.

I look at each one.  About 4 foot across and 10 foot high.
Great.  Shamblers and vore can fit through.

Me: TS, any one of these go anywhere important?
Like to purple stuff land?

TS: I'm scanning the destinations.  Four so far are local
to this dimension.  And the gremlin statue is watching.

Me: What?!  You say that things a gremlin?  Or just a
stone statue?  Can it send an alarm?

TS: it is a quantum frozen gremlin.  I was not aware
this group had such capacity.  May have been put here
by another entity.  No idea what it sends.  Not linked
to the local group in any way.

Some time goes by.  I take a position on the statues
six.  No reason to take chances.  Getting bored.
Sneaking around is fine.  But being itchy-invisible
kind of sucks.  Like some boomstick action after a good
sneak.

TS: the portal off the gremlins right wing goes off
dimension.  It does not lead to a normal plane either.

Me: not a trap again is it?

TS: no, just not normal...

Me: any purple tech stuff?

TS: none near the gate.

I clutch the boomstick.  I have 50 shells.  And the
crew here has none of my worlds weapons yet.  Shit.
A marines lot is not always a happy one.

I take a firm step into the gate before I can change
my mind.

While in the momentary transit mini-second or whatever
bit of time an odd thing happens.  TS shows me the
gate room.  The gremlin statue flashed around to face 
the gate I just went through.


Dimension 8.

Day 1:

TS was right.  This can hardly be considered a dimensional
"world".  A medium bit of rock which floats in... space?
An asteroid?  Comet?  I have no idea.

There is air to breath.  More smaller chunks of rock
float nearby.  A ways off a smallish "sun" supplies a
wan light and no discernable heat.

I glance around quick.  A small outcrop at 8 o'clock.
I lope in that direction.  Whoever enters the gate room
will know which gate was used.  That is how the statue
works.

Some mental nag tells me the itchy-hider will not hide
the fact the gate was used.

Some odd palm tree looking pillars near a small lump
of rock pile.  Well, palm trees with no leaves or
coconuts.  Suddenly "put the lime in the coconut"
pops up in my head.  I squash it.

Nearby is some kind of blue bushy thing.  Its leaves
make a metallic tinkle as they.  Um, vibrate.
There is no wind.  I hunker down behind blue bush
and commence observing the landing area.

Time stretches on.  I glance around my cover area.
More non-palms in the mid distance.  This chunk of
rock has some curve to it.  Molds, mushrooms and
fungi of odd colors and shapes grow here and there.

No sign of moving life.  But then maybe it evolved
some kind of "hider".

An hour goes by.  I try a reconstituted nutrient bar.
Tastes like crap.  The next time I need rebuilt from
the quantum on up, I'll ask TS to make this stuff taste
better.

I settle in against the pack and put the boomstick
in a comfy but operable cradle.

A bit later a sploink and a splash of light signal
a teleport arrival.  Almost instantly the itchy
crawls over my skin.  I hadnt realized TS has turned
the hider off.

2 Hell Knights, 10 knights, 2 Scragg, and a Vore are
on the arrival area.  One HK gives the knights and
scraggs orders to search.

Mr. Vore does some spell stuff.  This goes on for an hour.
One knight comes close by and a scragg flys over a couple
times.

Now HK and Vore are talking.  As I wish I knew, suddenly
my ears hum and I can both hear and understand them.
Having a TS in your head is damn weird, I can say.

Vore: and found nothing?

HK: No master Kretakal.  A careful survey was made.
Nothing living here moves.  The Scragger detect no
magic use either.

Vore: Odd that the statue pointed to this gate being used.
Have the Scragglings check those other floating boulders.

HK: Scragger patrol - fly out and check those rocks.

I watch as the Scragg proceed to each of the 5 visible
rocks in turn.  The 10 knights have mustered nearby.
One HK waits with them.

Soon the Scragg patrol is back.

HK: No presence master Kretakal.  Are we going back now?

Kretakal:  You are disturbed Captain Tieg?  Heh.  Thats why
we were chosen as the masters!  Very well.

The Vore raises its claws and makes some gestures.
He speaks some screechy tones that dont translate.

Gate tele-fog billows out from nothing into a small sphere.
The usual hum sounds across the area.  Didnt know they
could summon teleports like that.

The knights walk into the gate one at a time and blink
out.  The scragg float in behind followed by the HK pair.
Kretakal is last.  He casts a furtive glance around.
Then blinks out.  A second later the sphere collapses.

I all hear now is the bush tinkle.  The hider-itch
persists for a bit.  TS maybe thinks something is watching?

After 30 mins of nothing, I check gear, and conduct a
through search.

The chunk of rock and mold seems to be about 500 yards
in rough diameter.  One edge away from the landing has
a shallow cave semi hidden by a low patch of blue
tinkle bush.

An odd spore was in the cave.  No sign of what may
have created it.  There was also a stalk plant type
of creature.  Sensitive to motion, it emits light
from a flower bulb sort of thing when something moves
near it.  Like the palmless palms, I dont believe
the light stalk can move.

Unless there is a well hidden secret door somewhere
that is it.  I have no clue as to why the minions
would come here.  Maybe shubs commanded it for reasons
unknown.

Now what...  With no obvious focus, no enemies and
no specific plan, I decide to wait a bit.
The cave becomes my go to shelter.

I rig a crude warning with some pack items.
If anything crosses the entrance I'll know quick.
I suspect TS will tell me well before if anything 
significant is moving on this floaty chunk.

Sitting motionless in the back, the light stalk
goes dark in 15 to 20 mins.  Great for sleep.
The small sun doesnt seem to change positon.
No orbit and no rotation.

What keeps this hunk of crap here?  Who knows.
I get down to some needed shut-eye.
Great to sleep in such peace.  Nothing wants to
immediately kill me and I dont have to listen
to off and on zombie moans.

When was the last time life was this good?
Oh yeah.  I was home.

Day 2:


።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።

fragment 4.017 - meeting Cthulhu

Set: one of the familiar q1 base maps with slight mods

mod: new slipgate research tech - tubes / wires / etc.
     new audio to enhance things, sparks, flashes, and so on

Player has to create a new power source with a grav bomb and ? (soa??)

After macguffin activates they hang on a railing, and get sucked in.

< fade to swirling, churning chaos of color, sound, et. al. >

The big "C" dialog:

Ah, a small thing.  You are...
No, dont struggle, your feeble mind cannot quite handle the dimension it is faced with.

A warrior, you are.  Accomplished if one believes your distinct memories.
< "C"'s eyes expand. >
You have touched the flesh of an elder god.  Which one?  Think warrior...

Yes, Shub-Niggurath.  What?  
< we watch a sub-window play out shubs death>

No She is not dead.  I assure you.  Would you like to view her true form?

< fade to a new view - a dismal lava filled plain (maphack tech) --
-- we see a massive creature of many tentacles, eyes and lumps of shub stuff >
< face back to big "C" realm >

See, warrior.  Shubs is alive and well.  How?
Heh.  So hard for you to ken these dimensions.
Beings such as us can not even fit in your small dimensions.
What you encounter there are mere affectations.  Not even copies,
more like a tiny portion of our true being.

Mostly we send them after a summons, intentional or not.
They see to certain needs we have.

Now warrior, think of how you came here - such should not be possible!
A...what is that?  "Device"
Something akin to our alkemy process, such as you think is magic.

Well now...how odd.  Your device uses anti-neutron energy. How could you...
Oh.  You didnt and you dont know how.

Your fate warrior?  Indeed, that is your first worthy query since arrival.
Eh.  Standard process would be harvest your soul / mind and churn
your small flesh into some tasty tid-bit for a servant.

But I see that will not be for you.  The energy carrying you has filled
you with some purpose I would be unwise to change.  And I am most wise.

So, you shall proceed as the device designed - to your origin.
Be warned - it is not what you seek!

< fade to chaos >

< slow fade up - looking up at trees >

loc: outside slipgate complex, on base grounds.

።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።።

fragment 4.017 - nail guns in quake

Per milspec XXXXXXXX

Marine Corps command, Brigadier Gen. ?

To all commands:

Quake push-back offensive guidelines and orders.

Bullet weapons are NOT authorized.  Some flaw in teleporting
gunpowder weapons are rendering them in-effective in small quantities.
This teleport defect is proving advantageous for the enemy.

Five or six bad sequential rounds in the firearm of one Marine often 
means death for an entire squad.  Note that HE weapons such as
mini-rockets and similar grenade ammo are not affected.

As no reliable test exists for teleported bullet ammo;
effective immediately, the following gas powered fletchet
weapons are authorized for smg and mg replacements:



